c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\DailyFeed.exe.config
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\DailyFeed.exe
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\DailyFeed.pdb
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\RedditSharp.dll
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\RedditSharp.pdb
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed.g.resources
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed.exe
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\DailyFeed.pdb
c:\users\ppatel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\ppatel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.dll
C:\Users\ppatel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DailyFeed\DailyFeed\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.xml
